gh-102114: Make dis print more concise tracebacks for syntax errors in str inputs (#102115)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2023-02-21-14-57-34.gh-issue-102114.uUDQzb.rst

> Functions from :mod:`dis` module that accept source code string as argument now print shorter traceback if given string contains syntax/indentation error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Functions in the :mod:`dis` module that accept a source code string as argument now
print a more concise traceback when the string contains a syntax or indentation error.
Patch by YOUR_NAME_HERE.
```

Reviewer: That's just a suggestion. I can merge it as it is if you want.

Reviewer: Don't forget to ``git pull`` because I merged main into this branch.

Author: Thank you. I removed the signature as I find these changes pretty minor :)
